Brother An, something is wrong with you
Why don't you talk to him today?
Sister-in-law ran behind her butt
I'll run behind his butt someday
Every day
Brother, did you quarrel with your sister-in-law?
I want to quarrel
But he didn't seem to realize that I was angry.
cut
It's weird for my sister-in-law to realize that she's so busy
No.
He has changed
The way he looked at me in the village
He's not like that, sister-in-law has changed her mind
Oops what a crow's mouth
second brother
You said that although you and your sister-in-law are already married
But did you tell him you like him?
Tell me about it.
Can't he see it?
Of course I have to say
Girls are the most ceremonial
Then maybe your relationship is clear.
Just one sentence: I like you.
Look at me and Huimin
If I hadn't said I liked him
Will you marry me?
I really haven't studied the sense of ritual
I knew my collection would come in handy
Come on, Brother An, let me read it to you. Come on
The first rule is to capture a woman's heart
Grab a woman's stomach first